Adding model vendor support (#205)
validmind/documentation: site/guide/register-models-in-model-inventory.qmd

   - Select the relevant model methodology being used
   - Select the relevant model use case
   - Provide a purpose statement to explain what the model will be used for
   - Select the preliminary risk tier for the model

>    - If the model is a [vendor model](https://docs.validmind.ai/about/glossary/glossary.html#vendor-model), toggle **Is Vendor Model** and provide the vendor name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If the model is a [vendor model](../about/glossary/glossary.qmd#vendor-model), toggle **Is Vendor Model** and provide the vendor name.
```

Use a relative link. This works, I tested it, though we do have an issue with the navbar at the top covering the text.
